Mr. Gao, how did you get my contact information?
It's just a look at the growth king impact
I heard you are a ninja.
It used to be.
Now she's just a cleaning girl
I'll give you 10 million
You do something for me
Is it dangerous to kill the mission at such a high price?
Help me investigate
Who are the miserable parties in the grass forest in Jinhai?
After the event
I'll give you another money.
Entrust you to kill them all
What if I don't pick it up?
one person
Are you still afraid of death?
Don't use the aggressive method for me
I don't want money.
I want another thing
Said when I got the list
Come back and negotiate terms with you
Wait for my message.
The next person who can avenge me
It should be Liao Fan
Mr. Gao, I said that you can pay my salary.
I'm just your bodyguard
But not to be a killer for you
Not all part-time workers come out to make money
You don't care about this 10 million
Looks like I'm going to grab it again
I know you have two strokes
30 million in this card
Give it all whether it succeeds or fails
As long as you can help me get revenge
Mr. Gao, you can't get involved
I wouldn't do such a thing either.
Don't dare or can't
Could it be that you are one of the remnants of Cao Lin?
How could I possibly be one of the remnants?
I'm just your bodyguard
Don't force me to report you to Chen Zhan
Let the military torture you
That is nothing to talk about
Bodyguards are just your profession
And I'm using money to buy your integrity now
Just avenge me
Stay if you promise
Resign if you don't agree